Add `regexp/no-standalone-backslash` rule (#175)
ota-meshi/eslint-plugin-regexp: docs/rules/no-standalone-reverse-solidus.md

---
pageClass: "rule-details"
sidebarDepth: 0
title: "regexp/no-standalone-reverse-solidus"
description: "disallow standalone reverse solidus (`\\`)"
---
# regexp/no-standalone-reverse-solidus

> disallow standalone reverse solidus (`\`)

- :exclamation: <badge text="This rule has not been released yet." vertical="middle" type="error"> ***This rule has not been released yet.*** </badge>

## :book: Rule Details

This rule disallows reverse solidus (`\`) without escape.

> The regular expression `/\c/` without the unicode (`u`) flag has the same pattern as `/\\c/`.
> 
> This is the specification described in [Annex B] of ECMAScript. But very confusing and you should not use it intentionally.
> In most cases you intended the control escape sequence (`\cX`) or another escape, but you maybe made a mistake.

Reviewer: I change the text a little.

```suggestion
E.g. the regular expression `/\c/` without the unicode (`u`) flag is the same pattern as `/\\c/`.

In most cases, standalone backslashes are used by accident when a control escape sequence (`\cX`) or another escape sequence was intended. They are very confusing and should not be used intentionally.

This behavior is described in [Annex B] of the ECMAScript specification.
```

Author: Thank you!
